# iCE
**Problem to solve:**
Software development is an ever-changing field in a world where every new software product release introduces new features and functionalities that directly affects the existing technical benchmarks. In Agile development to expedite the delivery process DevOps play a crucial role. The advantage of using DevOps while can be shortlisted as follows:

    Check quick performance after the addition of new features to the product
    Prepare environments with appropriate storage, memory etc. accordingly
    Set client expectations upfront to purchase hardware accordingly
In this DevOps wave, there is one piece which is not gaining enough attention:

    Lack of skilled engineers - which attracts cost and quality
    Inter collaboration in a streamlined manner - potentially impacts agile methodology
    Reusability of existing automation in a methodical way
At the heart of DevOps there are orchestration tools which allow us to bring all pieces of automation together and create a specific DevOps model. Usually, there is no benchmarking available for these automated code(s)/pipelines like which stages they should have, which languages can be used, tools they can use, or how much automations should be built. Typically, pipelines are grouped as build pipelines, test pipelines, deployment pipelines, CI pipelines, CD pipelines and nowadays cloud pipelines, too.

**How did we try to solve the problem:**
In proposed model we have tried to solve the problem, by categorizing code performing similar business objective. We have also tried to benchmark code(s) based on their performance and ease of use.


In the Proposed model, the concept of chat based devops is not novel. A lot of prior work already performed to bring up the concept of ChatOps Engine. The author(s) have discovered the following Prior Art that is related and provides justification on why we believe our invention is different and novel beyond Prior Art:

Framework for performing load testing and profiling of services - this solution is intended for load testing and profiling service using CICD pipelines, that analyzes profile data generated by a service and generates profile results associated with the service when the service operates at varying and/or increasing load capacities. This talks about categorizing and correlating data based on load testing. But it is focused on functional testing side of a device and not analyzing or benchmarking the CICD code.

Prior search also able to find Method and apparatus for differential, bandwidth-efficient and storage-efficient backups - The solution describes that based on the requirement, the process generates one or many content-driven signatures from one or many sources. But the innovation is focused only on differential backup solution and has no relevance to CICD pipeline.

We believe following components are novel in proposed solution:

    Chat based devops implementation with real-time observability in chat window claims to be novel.
    Deriving true objective for code through AI/ML backed analysis and automated code/script generation, increasing reusability of code, reducing learning curve, developmental time & effort also claims novelty.
    Analyzing each stage & task performed in the code and benchmarking it against available code of similar intent across organization, assisting in generating most optimized code solution of high quality and performance. This helps greatly in reducing the overall execution time and complexity for any automation model is also claim for benefits of novelty.
    Proposed model provide a solution which targets to pull code from repository by username of developer - being analyzed; that helps in adding score to visualize skill-rating of developer accurately. This idea claims to be novel since it eventually helps identifying areas of improvement and targeted training requirement for the developer directly linked with DevOps model.
